README.md, before:

# ferry - JIRA search
Utility to Search and download Issues From JIRA with a configurable Filters and return fields. Retrieved Issues from JIRA will be downloaded as CSV in the path specified in the config.json file.

## Command-line ##
**Usage**

    ferry [flags]

    ferry [command]

**Available Commands**
```
    export      Search and export Issues From JIRA
    help        Help about any command
    version     Print the version
```

**Flags**
```
  -h, --help   help for ferry
```

Use "ferry [command] --help" for more information about a command.


**export command**
```
ferry export --config config.json --project "Your Project" --output ~/Documents/ferry.csv
```

**config.json** file specifies.

    * Filters to be applied. Example : Project, Issue Type, Sprint etc
    * FieldsToRetrive to be rendered as columns in the downloaded csv file

    

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/KrishKayc/ferry.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/KrishKayc/ferry)  [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/KrishKayc/ferry/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/KrishKayc/ferry)      [![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/KrishKayc/ferry)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/KrishKayc/ferry)

## Output ##
**Download InProgress**:

![Output](https://github.com/KrishKayc/goJIRA/blob/master/output_screenshots/jiraSearch_finaloutput1.jpg)

**Download Complete**:

![FinalOutput](https://github.com/KrishKayc/goJIRA/blob/master/output_screenshots/jiraSearch_finaloutput2.jpg)

Commit message:

Renamed command from ferry to jira and more refactoring

README.md, after:



# jira - search
CLI utility to search and download issues (stories/bugs/tasks) From JIRA with a configurable 'filters' and return 'fields'. Retrieved issues from JIRA will be downloaded to 'output.csv'

## Command-line ##
**Usage**

    jira search [flags]

**Available Commands**
```
    search      Search and export Issues From JIRA
    help        Help about any command
```

**Flags**
```
  -h, --help   help for jira
```

Use "jira [command] --help" for more information about a command.


**Search**

**Simple Search**

```
 jira search --project "Your Project" --issuetype Story 
```

**Filter multiple 'issue types'**

```
 jira search --project "Your Project" --issuetype "Story,Bug,SubTask"
```
    
**Return specified fields**
```
 jira search --project "Your Project" --issuetype "Story" --fields "summary,assignee,reporter,sprint" 
```

**Apply Filters**
*The below command will pull all the **Bugs** from **sprint5** assigned to the user **John***
```
 jira search --project "Your Project" --issuetype "Bug" --fields "summary,sprint" --filters "sprint:sprint5,assignee:John"
```
